[Music]
Marcus somebody's trying to kill me who
wants to kill you I don't trust a person
that don't wanna kill he'll put my name
on thanks a lot we got it Marcus we
appreciate it
but family is the only thing that
matters so I'm not letting you go on a
suicide mission alone one last time one
last time
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
with a hammer getting all these
helicopters
[Music]
after all of us
[Applause]
we should order pizza
who's having a good time
[Music]
[Applause]
we only have 24 hours to bring the rest
of him back until then oh hey Dad you
look just like I remember
[Applause]
what a problem Shane
adventure you seek you come to the right
time
I don't like you while we're up here
there's nothing left
there are people out there worth saving
people that are left another kind of
people where it's a quiet
[Music]
composed
graceful
disappeared
are the corner keys
we could watch
are the qualities
we see in Rolla
which is my duty to fight name Banda
James Bond so you're not dead
hello pew I've missed you
is the most valuable asset this country
has if you feel yourself losing control
I'm not going to lose
control
James you gave up everything for her
when her secret finds its way out
there'll be the death of him
what is it you don't know what this is
James Bond license to kid history of
violence I could be speaking to my own
reflection only your skills die with her
body mine will survive long after I'm
gone
history isn't kind to men who play God
we have unfinished business we have to
go back to where it all started
lucky us one thing's for sure
it's gonna be a hell of a reunion
[Music]
still family back together again you got
fat
[Applause]
[Music]
think about finally having everything
you always wanted
I can save today
I take what I want in return
everyone will see
[Applause]
[Music]
I'll need you
you know you need to do
[Music]
nothing good is born from lies
and greatness is not what you think
[Music]
the end is inevitable maverick you kind
of said it for extinction
maybe so sorry but not today
there hasn't been a ghost sighting in 30
years New York in the eighties it's like
The Walking Dead your dad never
mentioned this to you it's just my mom
my grandfather died my mom says we're
just here to pick through the rubble of
his life
when
[Music]
who are you
call it a
[Music]
call it lock
call it karma
[Music]
I believe that everything happens for a
reason
come on darling
it has a connor seat
[Music]
to do what I do I need some idea of the
threatening face
as I understand it we are trying to
prevent World War 3
nuclear holocaust
something was
all I have for you is a word tenant
it'll open the right doors some of the
wrong ones too
you have to start looking at the world
in a new way
[Music]
I'm trying to understand it feel it all
the Jungle Cruise is you can take in the
Amazon
this one is undoubtedly the cheapest but
also the most thrilling heads up I'm a
Duke
Marauders
natives ladies and gentlemen the moment
you've all been waiting for
the backside of water stays wonder of
the world we're headed upriver lagrimas
de Cristo mr. Huron travel come on not a
good time looking for passage upriver
please go away
I have a lot of money have you believe
in legends do you believe in curses too
you're gonna bake minutes our back well
I look forward to disappointing you
10,000 to bring you there alive dead is
15,000 why should I pay more dead
dead-eyed have to carry you that's a lot
harder lady there we go
[Music]
oh god sorry Frank sorry strong form
hi gentle swing you put the river cruise
and you can't swim the price just went
out
[Music]
action happy Halloween
surely the Second Coming is it now
the second coming
[Applause]
[Music]
you